STOREKEEPER

  Version: 0.0.6
  Author: Dmitriy Pushkov (ezze@ezze.org)
  Graphics: Marc Russell (http://www.spicypixel.net), Dmitriy Pushkov
  Web-site: http://www.ezze.org


DESCRIPTION

  This is a Java implementation of classic Sokoban game.
  Initial version (0.0.1) of the game has the following features:
    - desktop run (tested on Linux Kubuntu 11.10 and Windows XP);
    - 50 classic Sokoban levels by default;
    - opportunity to load own levels' set in Storekeeper XML format;
    - support of levels of a size no more than 20x20 items;
    - two game field's resolution modes: 32x32 per item by default and 16x16
      per item for small screen resolution.

  Version 0.0.2 changes:
    - options dialog has been added with the following options: game speed;
      level's maximal size (width and height) which allows to load levels' sets
      with levels of size up to 40 items per row and 35 items per column;
      level's sprite size (large - 32x32 pixels per item, medium - 24x24 pixels
      per item, small - 16x16 pixels and optimal that determines the best size
      to fit currently set screen resolution).

  Version 0.0.3 changes:
    - take back and repeat move actions have been added.

  Version 0.0.4 changes:
    - play field's size determination is automatic now, options "Level Width",
      "Level Height" and "Sprite Size" have been removed from options dialog;
    - basic support of *.sok levels' files has been implemented;
    - game's performance has been increased when playing huge levels;
    - a separate status bar was added to display level's information out of
      play field.

  Version 0.0.5 changes:
    - 41st classic level's bug has been fixed.
    
  Version 0.0.6 changes:
    - an issue connected with saving configuration file to a path with space
      characters has heen fixed.


HOW TO RUN
  
  In order to run the game one should install JRE6 (Java Runtime Environemt 6)
  and then execute "jar/storekeeper.jar" from the repository. No external libraries
  are required for this distributable jar.


HOW TO BUILD

  You are always welcome to contribute adding new features or providing your
  own graphic interfaces for the game and to build the project by yourself.
  
  One may use "build.xml" in the root of this repository to build the project
  with Ant (the original jar was built with Ant 1.8.2). This one implements
  the following targets:
    - clean (removes "build" and "jar" directories);
    - compile (compiles source code from "src" directory in "build/classes"
      directory using library "lib" directory as a classpath);
    - jar (creates single jar executable "jar/storekeeper.jar",
      "lib/ezze-utils.jar" is also required to zip the jar);
    - run (starts "jar/storekeeper.jar");
    - debug (debugs a project using NetBeans debugger);
    - javadoc (generates project's javadoc in "javadoc" directory; note that
      source code of "ezze-utils" library is required to generate a full
      reference).
      
  Please note that JDK6 (Java Development Kit 6) and external library
  "lib/ezze-utils.jar" from the repository are required for the build.
  
  I tried to comment the code as good as possible so you can find more
  information right in source code or in "javadoc" directory.
  

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

  This game is my first open source project and my first experience to share
  my work with other people. I hope that you will be interested in this game
  and its further development. Please feel free to contact me and help to
  improve it by any way you want.
  
  I also want to say special thanks to http://www.spicypixel.net and Marc
  Russell for awesome "worker" sprites I was able to use in my game for free.
  Here is the link to this amazing stuff:
  http://www.spicypixel.net/2008/01/10/gfxlib-fuzed-a-free-developer-graphic-library/
  